Add FROST review PR (#3)
lightningdevkit/ldk-review-club: _posts/2022-09-27-#138.md

---
layout: pr
date: 2022-09-27
title: "FROST"
authors: ["jesseposner"]
pr: 138
components: ["crypto"]
host: ariard
status: upcoming

> commit: 6c1cf4e

Reviewer: We'll probably need to start doing what Bitcoin Core Reviews does and have a review fork/branch of the project we're reviewing at this commit to avoid it getting lost on PR rebase etc. It's fine for now, but just something I can work on to improve the history (maybe when we start doing transcripts too).

---

## Notes

* libsecp256k1-zkp is a C cryptographic library for experimental EC cryptosystems, e.g [ECDSA

> sign-to-contract](https://github.com/ElementsProject/secp256k1-zkp/blob/master/include/secp256k1_ecdsa_s2c.h), [ECDSA adaptor](https://github.com/ElementsProject/secp256k1-zkp/blob/master/include/secp256k1_ecdsa_adaptor.h), [MuSig2](https://github.com/ElementsProject/secp256k1-zkp/blob/master/include/secp256k1_musig.h) and [rangeproofs](https://github.com/ElementsProject/secp256k1-zkp/blob/master/include/secp256k1_rangeproof.h).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sign-to-contract](https://github.com/ElementsProject/secp256k1-zkp/blob/master/include/secp256k1_ecdsa_s2c.h), [ECDSA adaptor](https://github.com/ElementsProject/secp256k1-zkp/blob/master/include/secp256k1_ecdsa_adaptor.h), [MuSig2](https://github.com/ElementsProject/secp256k1-zkp/blob/master/include/secp256k1_musig.h) and [range proofs](https://github.com/ElementsProject/secp256k1-zkp/blob/master/include/secp256k1_rangeproof.h).
```

> * This library is an upstream fork of [libsecp256k1](https://github.com/bitcoin-core/secp256k1). While libsecp256k1 scope is stricly the cryptosystems required to validate consensus rules, libsecp256k1-zkp aims to encompass any Bitcoin-related cryptosystems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This library is an upstream fork of [libsecp256k1](https://github.com/bitcoin-core/secp256k1). While libsecp256k1's scope is strictly the cryptosystems required to validate consensus rules, libsecp256k1-zkp aims to encompass any Bitcoin-related cryptosystems.
```

* [#138](https://github.com/ElementsProject/secp256k1-zkp/pull/138) is an implementation of [Flexible Round-Optimized Schnorr Threshold Signatures](https://eprint.iacr.org/2020/852.pdf), a threshold multi-party signature scheme.

## Questions

> 1. What's [elliptic curve cryptography](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elliptic-curve_cryptography) ? What's the base mathematic assumption providing hardness of the cryptosystems (e.g compared to [RSA](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RSA_(cryptosystem) ? What's the fundamental concepts of ECC and how they interrelate ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. What's [elliptic curve cryptography](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elliptic-curve_cryptography)? What's the base mathematical assumption providing hardness of the cryptosystems (e.g compared to [RSA](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RSA_(cryptosystem)? What are the fundamental concepts of ECC and how do they interrelate?
```

> 2. What's [ECDSA](https://nvlpubs.nist.gov/nistpubs/FIPS/NIST.FIPS.186-4.pdf), the original signature scheme supported by Bitcoin consensus rules ? What's [Schnorr](https://link.springer.com/content/pdf/10.1007/3-540-46885-4_68.pdf), the novel signature scheme soft-forked in 2021 ?
> 3. [MuSig2](https://github.com/jonasnick/bips/blob/musig2/bip-musig2.mediawiki) is anotherr multi-party signature scheme. What's the fundamental difference compared to FROST ?
> 4. What are the properties of the FROST scheme (e.g unbound concurrency, efficiency, etc) ?
> 5. What are the operations and their outcomes followed by FROST key-generation, preprocessing and signing phases ?
> 6. What are the advantages of using FROST in a [Lightning node deployment context](https://github.com/lightningdevkit/rust-lightning/issues/1665) ?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. What's [ECDSA](https://nvlpubs.nist.gov/nistpubs/FIPS/NIST.FIPS.186-4.pdf), the original signature scheme supported by Bitcoin consensus rules? What's [Schnorr](https://link.springer.com/content/pdf/10.1007/3-540-46885-4_68.pdf), the novel signature scheme soft-forked in 2021?
3. [MuSig2](https://github.com/jonasnick/bips/blob/musig2/bip-musig2.mediawiki) is another multi-party signature scheme. What's the fundamental difference compared to FROST?
4. What are the properties of the FROST scheme (e.g unbound concurrency, efficiency, etc)?
5. What are the operations and their outcomes followed by FROST key-generation, preprocessing and signing phases?
6. What are the advantages of using FROST in a [Lightning node deployment context](https://github.com/lightningdevkit/rust-lightning/issues/1665)?
```
